Add documentation and comments for pulse size (#47)
anthofflab/MimiDICE2010.jl: README.md

marginal_temp = result.mm[:climatedynamics, :TATM]  # marginal results from the marginal model can be accessed like this
```

### Pulse Size Details

> By default, MimiDICE2010 will calculate the SCC using a marginal emissions pulse of 10 GtC spread over ten years, or 1 GtC per year for ten years.  The SCC will always be returned in $ per ton CO2 since is normalized by this pulse size. This choice of pulse size and duration is a decision made based on experiments with stability of results and moving from continuous to discretized equations, and can be found described further in the literature around DICE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, MimiDICE2010 will calculate the SCC using a marginal emissions pulse of 10 GtC spread over ten years, or 1 GtC per year for ten years.  The SCC will always be returned in $ per ton CO2, regardless of the pulse size. This choice of pulse size and duration is a decision made based on experiments with stability of results and moving from continuous to discretized equations, and can be found described further in the literature around DICE.
```

> By default, MimiDICE2010 will calculate the SCC using a marginal emissions pulse of 10 GtCO2 spread over ten years, or 1 GtCO2 per year for ten years.  The SCC will always be returned in $ per ton CO2 since is normalized by this pulse size. This choice of pulse size and duration is a decision made based on experiments with stability of results and moving from continuous to discretized equations, and can be found described further in the literature around DICE.

Reviewer: I think that is incorrect. The unit of `pulse_size` is GtC, not GtCO2, and the default parameter value is `1e10`, so the default pulse size is 10 GtC. It might make sense, though, to change the unit of `pulse_size` to GtCO2, just to have everything uniform?

If you wish to alter this pulse size, you may use the optional keyword argument `pulse_size` in the  `compute_scc` function which has a full signature of

```julia 
compute_scc(m::Model=get_model(); year::Union{Int, Nothing}=nothing, last_year::Int=model_years[end], 
    prtp::Float64=0.015, eta::Float64=1.5, pulse_size=1e10)
```

> where `pulse_size` controls the size of the marginal emission pulse in GtCO2.

Reviewer: Again, at the moment the unit is GtC, as far as I can tell.
